Docs: Update LinkedIn Ads Setup steps (#29609)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/sources/linkedin-ads.md

## Prerequisites

> - The LinkedIn Ads account with permission to access data from accounts you want to sync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A LinkedIn Ads account with permission to access data from accounts you want to sync.
```

:::

<!-- /env:oss -->

### Set up the LinkedIn Ads connector in Airbyte

1. [Log in to your Airbyte Cloud](https://cloud.airbyte.com/workspaces) or Airbyte Open Source account.
2. In the left navigation bar, click **Sources**. In the top-right corner, click **+ New source**.
3. Find and select **LinkedIn Ads** from the list of available sources.
4. For **Source name**, enter a name for the LinkedIn Ads connector.
5. To authenticate:

<!-- env:cloud -->
#### For Airbyte Cloud

- Select **OAuth2.0** from the Authentication dropdown, then click **Authenticate your LinkedIn Ads account**. Sign in to your account and click **Allow**.
<!-- /env:cloud -->

<!-- env:oss -->
#### For Airbyte Open Source

- Select an option from the Authentication dropdown:
  1. **OAuth2.0:** Enter your **Client ID**, **Client Secret** and **Refresh Token**. Please note that the refresh token expires after 12 months.
  2. **Access Token:** Enter your **Access Token**. Please note that the access token expires after 60 days.
<!-- /env:oss -->

6. For **Start Date**, use the provided datepicker or enter a date programmatically in the format YYYY-MM-DD. Any data before this date will not be replicated.

> 7. (Optional) For **Account IDs**, you may optionally provide a space separated list of Account IDs to pull data from. If you do not specify any account IDs, the connector will replicate data from all associated accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. (Optional) For **Account IDs**, you may optionally provide a space separated list of Account IDs to pull data from. If you do not specify any account IDs, the connector will replicate data from all accounts accessible using your credentials.
```
